all right oh yeah a little move it up
today ya know cuz I'm going to lucky Oh
mele mele a Squatch awake is no se que
mas oh yeah good boy Marvin a trapper DC
member larry king of woulda
it'd be worth the mail without having to
deal my money his ADHD he'll never stay
still so it raises his our main labor
there's most hated claiming I'm so face
if I may not hit up there you see nobody
if you play in my back is picking you
flattered when your girl when that
you're my team you be right now baby
here with the time spent that money else
a nigga needs I'm just trying to feast
on caviar from overseas I don't like
fish for my beyblade blows over Santa
Claus vocabularies that's three hosts
digging you the man cuz you messing with
my old girl she's written my heart I
just got tired of broke girls the ones
from high school were in my past tense
nothing suction for me got a moment like
a hashtag wish I aint fuckin stoned them
in my classes maybe I could have gone to
my graduation practice jamb made it out
flexing my diploma so thats all over me
you can tell Finley aroma I see why my
mama named me Marvin cuz I'm starving
for their success but when i get it was
next I never leave my city hanging like
a chain on my neck so imma put it on the
cap so we always ahead everybody trying
to get there but they waiting for brad
some big leaps in the streets or in with
fence and that's dead
that's what we say in the DMV I'm trying
to get those initials kitchen or MGB cuz
everybody need to know it city dad a
man's hot every class on some radios
gotta spin imma be all you see haters
take a swim put my harness song hey
y'all who need extra limb and see me
rocking one and lipstick and data pimpin
let's do you catch the fuck is giving
you got mine again oh yeah I gotcha just
listen to me see that printer paper
picture green let's get Richard I try
like 50 guys are the kids with me like
my name is Liana dress smells fishy I'm
11 boy but outside the studio its origin
boi because I'm a dragon with the
raffinate Akram's of love back until
your favorite rapper into a chicken he
starts clapping I creative act like
killing myself and now I'm not a black
face but I'm feelin myself I'm on my Big
E is dragging him black with a chick
named heaven with one color rat rabbit
gets me please dude you ain't nothing
nice Studios like please don't rush the
mic cuz that's rude it's like you said
to make the planes with a swag like a
van
I got hives and that's cool why are you
hitting from the side you better join me
with the guys at the back of the line
and yell broke me hungry spin with ease
the chains are the colors dropped off
until degrees stop a rerun never I'm
going forward fast you think I just
dropped the glass while you're here is a
smash young rookie on the track but I
play like a pro but you ain't no me when
you're late like the Letterman Show a
bit flashy you know that son from the
reason every moment is a code that one
got these women in the clashes posture
I'm fly the big bird and now all I need
is the Oscar I tell you